Now that we've gone over the solidity documentation,
I wanted to go over one more resource that does
an amazing job centralizing resources about these topics.
ConsenSys is accompany helping technologists and
entrepreneurs as they build out ideas for a decentralized future.
It's similar to an incubator like Y Combinator,
but for Blockchain projects.
You can check out their homepage.
But what I'd like to send you to is the documentation they
keep meant to support the development of secure contracts.
Down below the video,
you'll see a link to their GitHub account containing Smart Contract best practices.
Within that, you'll see topics like the General Philosophy,
Recommendations, Known Attacks, and more.
All meant to ensure you have a strong foundation in Smart Contract security.
Personally, I've read through all of this,
and I'd recommend that you eventually do that as well.
But some of this is a bit dense,
some of it's redundant with other things you'll see,
and some of this will cover later.
For now, I'd say at least focus on the General Philosophy and the Security Notifications.
Under the General Philosophy,
they go over some mindsets you can develop to help you
approach development in a more security friendly way.
They've got great tips on things like preparing for failure,
rolling out carefully, keeping things simple, and more.
Under Security Notifications, they keep a list of
known resources where you can find discussions about known issues.
As you'll see, even ConsenSys has trouble keeping up with the
absolute latest in all things about security for Smart Contracts.
Their recommendation, like ours,
is to have a solid foundation of tools and resources to work from,
but to stay active in the community to continue
researching the most up-to-date knowledge in this field.
So, go ahead now and read about the general philosophy and
Security Notifications provided in the ConsenSys documentation.
Personally, I read the solidity documentation,
Ethereum Blog and Reddit and I'm a member of the Ethereum Gitter chat rooms.
If you'd like, you can join some of these communities and once you're there,
maybe we'll see each other in the conversations.